# tactor_fiming
am_course_project
Project highlights and demo (due by 3pm on December 16):  The project highlights shouldbe a ten-page (or shorter)anonymousslide deck (pdf format) for a presentation from yourteam to the rest of the class.  Please plan for your presentation to be at most ten minuteslong.  The project demo should include the code, data, and documentation necessary so thatany other student in the class can replicate the main results in your project (or at least asimplified version) within 30 minutes.Each team’s slide deck and demo will be reviewed by at least three anonymous students,the teaching assistant, and the instructors.  Each student will be assigned to review the slidedeck and demo of one of the teams (different from his or her team).  This review will bedouble-blind and should be completed individually and following strict confidentiality.  Inparticular, no student must communicate about his or her assigned review with anyone elsebut the instructors.The slide decks will also be available to every student in the course.  A subset of the teams(all of the teams if time permits) will be selected to present their highlights on December 16.The material in the slide decks and the presentations will provide the basis for an in-classassignment during that same day once we see all of the selected presentations.•Project write up (due by midnight on December 16):  A ten-page (or shorter) report doc-umenting in as much detail as possible what you did in your project.  It is perfectly fine(indeed expected) for your write up to have substantial overlap with your highlights anddemo documentation.
